Add a page describing the bundles. (#673)
lit/lit.dev: packages/lit-dev-content/site/docs/getting-started.md

{% endswitchable-sample %}

## Use bundles

Lit is also available as pre-built, single-file bundles. The bundles are
standard JavaScript modules with no dependencies - any modern browser should be

> able to import and run the bundles directly.

Reviewer: Should we add something like this so it's _super_ clear?
```suggestion
able to import and run the bundles from within a `<script type="module">`.
```

I know we're intentionally not choosing to support legacy script use cases and I think this is good, but I'm also not sure how common distributing an _ESM_ bundle is for the library bundle use case.

Author: sgtm

<div class="alert alert-warning">

**If you're using npm for client-side dependencies, you should use [the `lit`
package](#install-locally-from-npm), not these bundles.** The bundles
intentionally combine most or all of Lit into a single file, which can cause
your page to download more code than it needs.

</div>

To browse the bundles, go to <https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/lit/dist/> and use the

> dropdown menu to choose a version. There are two types of bundle:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
dropdown menu to choose a version. There are two types of bundles:
```

{% endswitchable-sample %}

## Use bundles

> Lit is also available as pre-built, single-file bundles. The bundles are

Reviewer 3: Would it make sense to enumerate some of the uses of this vs the "classic" npm approach?  e.g. rapid prototyping, cloud IDEs, etc just to help make it clear(er) why this option exists, but why the other is probably more favored / idiomatic?

Author: Thanks for taking a look! I've added some text that was suggested when I brought this up earlier today. We're trying to keep this section pretty short.

{% endswitchable-sample %}

## Use bundles

Lit is also available as pre-built, single-file bundles. These are provided for
more flexibility around development workflows: for example, if you would prefer
to download a single file rather than use npm and build tools. The bundles are
standard JavaScript modules with no dependencies - any modern browser should be
able to import and run the bundles from within a `<script type="module">`.

<div class="alert alert-warning">

**If you're using npm for client-side dependencies, you should use [the `lit`
package](#install-locally-from-npm), not these bundles.** The bundles
intentionally combine most or all of Lit into a single file, which can cause
your page to download more code than it needs.

</div>

To browse the bundles, go to <https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/lit/dist/> and use the

> dropdown menu to choose a version. There are two types of bundles:

Reviewer 4: Ooops this is my bad. I got confused because the list of versions is currently really short.

> dropdown menu to choose a version. There are two types of bundles:

Author: Thanks for pointing this out, I've added a bit of text here that should hopefully make this clearer.
